Adding access mode info in storage classes (#837)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/changing-the-storage-class-for-an-existing-cluster-storage-instance.adoc

.. Enter a *name* for the cluster storage.
.. Optional: Enter a *description* for the cluster storage.
.. Select the needed *storage class* for the cluster storage.
.. For storage classes that support multiple access modes, select an *Access mode* to define how the storage can be used. For more information, see __About storage classes__. 
+

> The available access modes depend on what your cluster and {productname-short} administrators have enabled for the storage class:

Reviewer: `Only the access modes that have been enabled for the storage class by your cluster and {productname-short} administrators are visible.`

+
* `ReadWriteOnce (RWO)`: (Default) The storage can be attached to a single workbench at a given time.
* `ReadWriteMany (RWX)`: The storage can be attached to many workbenches simultaneously.

> * `ReadOnlyMany (ROX)`: The storage can be attached to many workbenches as read-only.
> * `ReadWriteOncePod (RWOP)`: The storage can be attached to a single pod on a single node as read-write.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `ReadOnlyMany (ROX)`: The storage can be attached to many workbenches in read-only mode.
* `ReadWriteOncePod (RWOP)`: The storage can be attached to a single pod on a single node in read-write mode.
```
